---
layout: post
title: Week 14
---

**What did you do this past week?**

 This past week I finished up the OOP class and took exam 2. Exam 2 was certainly harder than Exam 1, but
 I suppose that is what is expected when material from a class like OOP can build off previous material
 even when specific questions are asked as such.


**What's in your way?**

Just hoping that I can stay confident in my ability to be successful in the future.
This semester was very stressful for me for several reasons. It hasn't been easy
and there is no telling if it will get any easier in the future. The only thing that is
certain that if I get help from others in and out of class when needed and help others in
and outside the class when needed, and become more of a team player, the future can look
bright.


**Experience in class**

The last few marks Downing made in class have stuck with me. He made me realize that no matter how solo
one is in their work, there is always a jewel to be found in the insight of others, moreso from those
with differing opinions and/or skillsets than one realizes.


**What will you do next week?**

Now that I'm done with OOP after submitting this final blog I'm going to kickback, relax, and sleep these
next 2 weeks. Just kidding, I still have a project and 2 Final Exams before this semester finally
ends.


**tip-of-the-week**

After all my "hang in there" and "life will get better" tips, just enjoy the ride! life has a new
story around the corner of every new semester both in and outside school, and embrace the challenges
you face as an opportunity to overcome them. That kind of optimism is what will separate from people
who live the rest of their lives just being alive to those who live and to the fullest.

