---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---

**What did you do this past week?**

 
This past week my partner and I finished up project 4, the Darwin Project.
It was quite an interesting project, and I was particularly interested in 
the new requirement for this project in creating an UML document outlining
our project. While admittingly me and many other programmers out there
tend to code first and plan more along the way, the UML document helps me
outline the overall project in a way that is aesthetic from a logical standpoint.
Furthermore, it helps others who have not worked on the project understand
the organization of the project as well as the relationship between different
classes in a short amount of time.

**What's in your way?**


Just trying to understand new material while still retaining old material.

**Experience in class**


Great as always, no complaints whatsoever. I just wish it would be easier
to do the writing code examples together in class better. It is great that
we are highly encouraged to write these coding examples in groups, but
I do believe that more practice outside of class with these writing coding
examples would help immensely.

**What will you do next week?**


Getting started on project 5 as well as looking over early course material
to prepare for the final coming up in a few weeks. As the semester is over
half way over, it's time to start getting those internship interviews in
and brushing up on practice interview questions.

**tip-of-the-week**


Keep your head up, only a few weeks left until thanksgiving, and then
winter break is fast approaching! Whenever you're struggling, just know
that you're fortunate to be in such a great major with a great student
body.

