---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

**What did you do this past week?**


This past week I learned about vectors. I haven't gone over this data type
since data structures, and it is my first time going over vectors since
CS314 Data Structures. I also finished up project 3 with my partner, and
it became clear during and after the project that knowledge of pointer
arithmetic is more useful than I thought. Also I went to HackTX and had
a great time there!

**What's in your way?**


The quizzes have been getting harder and harder and while I do agree that the
questions are fair in what is being asked, I do think that I still need to study
recent class topics like vectors a lot more thoroughly to do better
on these quizzes. Hopefully I will get this topic down soon enough.

**Experience in class**


My experience in class is interesting like always. I am always interested by
the interactive parts of class with writing down a function with a partner when
Downing calls upon us to do so. I'm glad he asks up to do this in partners as
these exercises done in partners or groups help build teamwork.


**What will you do next week?**


Next week I will be starting project 4.


**tip-of-the-week**


Do these blog posts as soon as possible. The posts only need to be 250 words minimum,
and even though we have between Friday and Sunday to turn them in (I say Friday because
is it best to start on this blog post after the last class of the week) we tend to
get busy with weekend coming up, so it's good to knockout right after Friday's class.



