---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

**What did you do this past week?**


This past week I found myself learning more about the Collatz project, the various tools that Downing has put in place to track the status
of the project, and brushing up on some C++. I got a brush up on caching and even had the please of hearing from a TA in the longhorn startup
class, which I am intrigued to join. However, as I am still trying to figure out how many hours per week I need to put into this OOP course to do
well, I may have to postpone joining the course until next semester. 


**What's in your way?**


I'll be honest, getting my foot in the water with new tools, languages, and software is kind of intimidating for me, nevertheless, as long as
I discipline myself with putting a lot of time into my project and making it work well, I should be fine. I do want to finish the project soon in
addition to finishing it well, as last minute frantic code will only make my productivity in finishing this assignment drastically worse.


**Experience in class**


It's still taking me some time to get used to the class structure. Although as someone who is able to focus more in the lecture when I am not writing
notes down at the same time, it is nice that Downing makes a text document of the main points to take away from class, and it helps me pay attention more
during the lecture and make sure that I am actually acquiring the main points of the class that I am supposed to in text.

**What will you do next week?**


Next week I will be finishing up my Collatz project in order to avoid the dreaded 0 for not turning it in. If enough time is available before the
turn-in date, I will do my best to optimize my problem solving algorithm to make it run the test cases as quick as possible.


**tip-of-the-week**


Like any project it is best to start early. As they say, those who start early tend to finish on-time, those who start on-time finish late, and those
who start late, well, who knows...