---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

**What did you do this past week?**


This past week I learned about allocators and information about making them.
I also started on project 3, it is not as bad as project 2 (the netflix project).
But, nevertheless, it never hurts to start early on the projects as you never
know if you will need more time or not.

**What's in your way?**


What's in my way is trying to learn new information while at the same time retaining
old information. I am interested in most of the material I'm learning, yet it can be
very stressful when I have to retain alot of information in such little time, like
when a test is coming soon.

**Experience in class**


My experience in class hasn't been too bad. The examples are hard to write as
always, along with the quizzes, but I guess it will just take more practice
and pre-reading to get better. I release alot more now that studying and working
with partners is better for me both short-term with my grade in the class
and in the long-run with doing well in life.

**What will you do next week?**


Next week I will relax after turning in project 3, and move on the project 4
when the assignment is released. Furthermore, I am a little behind on reading, so
I will do what I can to catch up so that I won't be behind when the next quiz comes
around.

**tip-of-the-week**


Starting off your morning with uncooked, organic, fruits and vegetable can
help your day go a long way! Furthermore never skip breakfast, it is the most
important meal of the day and will help you stay focused and diciplined throughout
the day.



