---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

**What did you do this past week?**


This weeek I was mainly working on project 2 and finishing it up with my partner. This project was really interesting as we had to
create an algorithm that was able to predict what a user would rate a movie with the overall accuracy of all predictions being no more than
1 star away from the actual. It was really interesting to do, and I felt like I had alot more independence with the project as opposed to
the last one, which was quite interesting to experience.

**What's in your way?**


With great power comes great responsibility. That being said, having alot more freedom on this project meant that sticking to the crieria
would be a bit harder as not as many files would be "spoonfed" to us as last time. I had previously learned a little bit of how to make
a make file, yet making an entirely new one that would do everything we needed took some time to make, but felt very rewarding in the end.
Also, learning how to use maps in C++ was a little dificult for me along with waiting forever for travis to build online, but like all things
sometime it just takes a little time and patience to solve.


**Experience in class**


I never find myself bored in this class. Wednesday's class was an especially important indicator of this with a UT Alumni working at JPL
made class very interesting with his talk of what goes on at JPL as well as his hololens demo that quite literally transported the entire
class to Mars! It was also an eyeopener to how important virtual/augmented reality would be in the future.

**What will you do next week?**


Next week I will be recovering from project 2 (just kidding) and will be catching up on this week's readings as well as awaiting project 3.
I may even brush up on my C++ to do better on the next project.

**tip-of-the-week**


Office hours are your best friend. Piaaza is great and all, but there is not better than being physically present in front of TAs and other
students to help you when you need it. Even if you don't need any help at the moment, its more relaxing to code knowing that a person a few steps
away is there to help.