---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---

**What did you do this past week?**

 
This past week I worked on project 5 with my partner. It's been an
interesting semester so far and I'm surprised that we are already
at a point where this is our 5th and final project. I also have been
focusing a lot on applying for internships lately. I am very interested
in doing android app development or cyber security as both are keen
interests of mine. Either way, the work I've been doing in this course
this semester has been helping me think differently when I program as I
am now thinking about certain aspects of my program that I would have never
thought before.


**What's in your way?**


Just trying to get through these last few weeks before winter break comes around.
I'm looking forward to working on some personal projects this break.

**Experience in class**


My experience in class never gets any less boring. From Downing's semi-eccentric personality
to the interesting lessons he teaches every day, it makes the difficult parts of the schoolwork
much more bearable.

**What will you do next week?**


Next week I will be studying up for the 2nd midterm. Two ways I feel like I can best do this is by
going over the 1st Midterm thoroughly and going over some of the recent labs that I have worked on
since the last midterm.

**tip-of-the-week**


It doesn't matter how smart you are, there will always be someone in every aspect on your life who will
accomplish the same task you can better and in less time. Cherish them, they are a blessing. Learn from
what they did to do better than you so you can beat your best opponent: yourself. 

