---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---

**What did you do this past week?**


This past week I started working on Project 2 which is a netflix project. I found it very scary that when this netflix contest came out,
that a few UT Researchers were able to deanonymize the identifies of various netflix users whose data was used in the participation of the contest.
Most of this week has also been a continuation of learning more about pointers, and I found it very useful that depending on the type of return method
with regards to it be a reference of dereference type of a simple or complex data structure, certain inputs may be valid or invalid, or even simply
be masks for what is actually going on underneath the hood.

**What's in your way?**


This netflix project appears to have more freedom than the last project, but with that in mind, it also means that a lot tools for the project we will
have to develop ourselves, such as the cache and make file. It will certainly be more difficult that the last project, but like with all projects,
time management will be the key to doing well.


**Experience in class**


My experience in this class has been great thus far. The highlight of this week was when a guest speaker from bloomberg came in and talked to us about
the tools he's been using in his job. It's nice when people from industry come in and talk about what they are doing, it gives me purpose that there is
something to strive for beyond simply school and grades.

**What will you do next week?**


Next week I will be going over project 3 if he choses to release it sometime next week after the Thursday deadline of project 2 passes.

**tip-of-the-week**


wget is a great tool for downloading many files on a single page. If one is dealing with downloading hundreds or even thousands of files in a single
page like in netflix, I highly recommend that my fellow peers use the wget tool.