---
layout: post
title: Week 13
---

**What did you do this past week?**

 
This past week I worked on project 5 life with my partner. I also studied
for a test I had this past week in a different class, and the test wasn't
too bad.

**What's in your way?**


Stress. I've been very stressed out lately, not just with school, but
with life in general. Sometimes that stress can affect how I do on my
schoolwork, and it's why my grades haven't been up to par with my
personal standards lately. I try to not let it get to me but sometime it
does. There is always so much pressure. Pressure to please your parents,
pressure to stay on par with your classmates, and pressure to always do
better because I never feel good enough is what both motivates me and
demotivates me in my schoolwork. Stress is everywhere though so if I can
learn to manage it and not get in the way of me suceeding, I think I'll
be ok.

**Experience in class**


My experience in class on monday was good as usual, and on Wednesday,
we had 2 guest speakers from Spiceworks. I'm not too familiar with
the company, but I do know that my roommate interned there 2 summers
ago. What I learned from this guest lecture is that code testing is
not something that only pertains to OOP, it is a very real part of
coding in the corporate world. So many different people work on similar
project and use the same methods/functions created. It is imperative
that code is tested properly as to prevent major castarophies that could
occur.

**What will you do next week?**


I will be getting ready for the 2nd midterm that is coming up the Thursday
after thanksgiving.

**tip-of-the-week**


Thanksgiving is coming up so before going home, my tip would be to come
up with a list of 10 things you are thankful for and read them to your
family during thanksgiving dinner. My list is here below

1. My parents.
2. My friends.
3. Clean food and water.
4. A roof over my head.
5. A great education.
6. My state and country.
7. Technology we have in this day and age.
8. Diversity of Animals we have.
9. This beautiful planet.
10. Netflix.
