---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---

**What did you do this past week?**

 
This past week was Halloween and I thoroughly enjoyed
the 50th anniversary celebration on Friday. During the celebration
there was food, including Tiff's treats and Amy's ice creams. Furthermore,
there were a number of games including jenga, connect4, etc... There also
was a big inflatable rock climbing wall. My favorite part was the free
arcade games, they were great. I remember playing this one racing game
with brakes and a turbo and beating all the other computers on it.
It was nice as it brought back alot of my younger memories in an arcade.
Furthermore, it was great that I was able to share this experience with
many of UTCS colleagues. Their presence made this experience quite enjoyable.

**What's in your way?**


Stress is the main thing.

**Experience in class**


It was great, I found the speaker to be quite interesting.


**What will you do next week?**


Finishing up project 4 and working on project 5.


**tip-of-the-week**


The 50th anniversary celebration with all the food, games, etc... got me thinking
about how to feel about the occasional anxiety all of us CS majors get when dealing
with difficult schoolwork at times. Life is too short to worry about how the future
will turn out. Study diligently, work to achieve your goals without overworking yourself,
and then simply enjoy life as it is. Keep a smile on your face knowing that when you really
think about how life is right now, we all are fortunate and blessed to be in this
University in the first place, let alone our prestigious major. Take advantage of it
by making something great, not necessarily school related.



