---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---

**What did you do this past week?** -done


This past week I continued working on Project 1. It took more time than I imagined as do many projects, but through many trials and tribulations
I was finally able to solve the issues I had and turn it in. I learned how to use many tools such as travis, clang, and ifdef for caches. This
project did take a lot longer than I expected, but it was well worth taking the time to learn the proper formatting of turning in the project
correctly.


**What's in your way?**


One thing that is getting in my way is trying to juggle projects from all these classes while still trying to keep one with OOP Projects. Like
many other CS Courses, doing well in OOP requires spending a lot of time learning the fundamentals of the course.


**Experience in class**


My experience in class has been thoroughly enjoyable, and I appreciate that Downing is going over a number of lessons that I myself not covered in
a while such as pointers. Though the quizzes are difficult for me, I managed to do well in one of the quizzes that had 2 questions on pointers,
and it felt very rewarding to get that 100 after studying hard for it. I am learning new material every day, and I am confident that the material
I am learning in this course is directly relevant to the computer science work I will be doing in future computer science internships and jobs.


**What will you do next week?**


Next week I will be finishing up my Collatz project in order to avoid the dreaded 0 for not turning it in. If enough time is available before the
turn-in date, I will do my best to optimize my problem solving algorithm to make it run the test cases as quick as possible.


**tip-of-the-week** -done

Never hesitate to ask for help if you need it. I'm not one to be hesitant to do so, but I've come to know thus far that, putting one's own pride down
in times of need can one be a stronger programmer in the future. Helping each other with each other's problems is the greatest asset we as programmers
have between each other, as we all share in this common passion of ours to make great code.