---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

**What did you do this past week?**


This past week, I enjoyed the break from back to back projects, but began studying for my 1st OOP Exam which is next Thursday.
As interesting as these projects are, they take up a lot of time, and can be quite frustrating especially when the parts of the projects
that are not working are not under my control, such as Travis CL not compiling due to our class not having the right account or due
to the long queue of builds. So all in all, still learning parts of C++ such as functions, but a nice break from having to work on
a project for now.


**What's in your way?**


The biggest thing that is in my way right now is learning how C++ works. Like learning any new language, one cannot master it overnight.
It takes time, struggle, and brutal work ethic to get good at a language. Fortunately, I am passionate enough about my major to want to
do this. That doesn't make the work load any less difficult, just more bearable when I think back to why I want to do this in the first place.


**Experience in class**


My experience in class is always interesting with Downing's usual style of teaching, but it would definitely help if the example files
would be posted a bit earlier, as I feel that just as pre-reading is important to do well in class, having ample time to look at
example code in class is just as if not more important to do well in OOP.


**What will you do next week?**


Next week I will be studying for the upcoming 1st Midterm in the course, as well as be awaiting the release of the details of project 3.


**tip-of-the-week**


It is important to keep your head up. Seeing as I tend to learn more from my failures than my successes, I have learned to cope
with failures as they are and accept what you can't change. While you can't change the outcome of a result, you can change your reaction
to the outcome of any result which ideally should be being humble in the face of your successes and understanding in the face of your failures.

